Adds example for deploying applications on KinD cluster (#94)
cyberark/conjur-oss-helm-chart: examples/kubernetes-in-docker/README.md

# Deploying Applications that Use Conjur Kubernetes Authentication on Kubernetes-in-Docker (KinD)

> This directory provides a step-by-step guide for deploying a simple

Reviewer: So I ran into several issues with running these scripts, because I didn't have an existing Helm deployment. I misunderstood this demo as one that could create a deployment then perform some action upon it, i.e. end-to-end. This was definitely my user error, but I think we could add a note or make it clearer early on that you can't just run the `start` script, as with some demos.

Author: I tried to make it clear in the `Prerequisites` section of the README.md that this assumes that you have a Helm installed Conjur cluster.

I could make this fully end-to-end, including the Helm install of Conjur... but my original intent was to have a bunch of example demos, one for each Kubernetes platform (i.e. one for KinD, one for GKE, one for OpenShift), with each demo assuming that you've already Helm installed Conjur.

Let me try to make this fully E2E, see what it looks like.

  - Retrieve the Conjur CA certificate to add to applications trust store
  - Build and push application containers
  - Deploy the application instances using the Conjur authentication
    mechanisms described above.

### The Conjur Kubernetes Authenticator and Conjur Application Identity

The Conjur authentication broker/clients listed above are essentially
authentication proxies for the application. They authenticate with
Conjur for the application using the 
[Conjur Kubernetes Authenticator](https://docs.conjur.org/Latest/en/Content/Operations/Services/k8s_auth.htm)
(a.k.a. `authn-k8s`) authentication plugin that must be enabled on the Conjur
server.

The `authn-k8s` plugin makes use of several forms of 
[Conjur application identity](https://docs.conjur.org/Latest/en/Content/Integrations/Kubernetes_AppIdentity.htm?TocPath=Integrations%7COpenShift%252C%20Kubernetes%252C%20and%20GKE%7C_____2)
to positively identify the application. In the case of Kubernetes Conjur demo
scripts, the application identity that is used are the following
attributes of the application instance:
- Kubernetes Namespace name
- Kubernetes ServiceAccount name
- Kubernetes Deployment name

> If all three of the above resource names match what has been "white-listed"
> in Conjur policy (e.g. by a security administrator), then the application is
> permitted to access secrets as dictated by that policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If all three of the above resource names match what has been specified
in Conjur policy (e.g. by a security administrator), then the application is
permitted to access secrets as dictated by that policy.
```

When I read this I wondered if any of the attributes could be a list. Based on the [docs](https://docs.conjur.org/Latest/en/Content/Integrations/Kubernetes_AppIdentity.htm?TocPath=Integrations%7COpenShift%252C%20Kubernetes%252C%20and%20GKE%7C_____2) it looks like they are definitely singular values. I thought `specified` captures this better.

Author: Ah, yeah, that will be less confusing.
